SORAYA WEBSITE CONTENT FOR ARY
 
 
HOME PAGE
 
Out there it seems we live against a backdrop of unease and uncertainty.   The perpetual hum of demand on our time, energy and attention can bring a fog of overwhelm.  
 
We just can’t get a moment….
 
Inside we feel lost, alone, exhausted and disconnected from ourselves.  We become stuck in perpetual cycles and habits as our relationships and worlds suffer.  It sometimes feels all paths lead to nowhere.
 
I offer a space to rest, take the weight off, take a breath.  To sit back and gently untangle what’s in front of us. Connecting back to ourselves is essential in order to notice what we need to attend to.
 
 
ABOUT ME
 
My own journey has taken me through challenges, loss and heartbreak. At times hedonistic pursuits were the answer as I sought resolution at the bottom of a glass or solace in the wrong relationship.  
 
I’ve previously spent 23 years working in the fashion retail industry.  The corporate world brought success and accomplishment but also delivered chronic exhaustion and disillusionment.  I was left longing for meaning and connection in my life.
 
My healing process has led me through a blend of shamanic work, Buddhist practice and meditation; supporting me to turn inward. Valuable work with indigenous tribes has allowed me to learn valuable and sacred practices to integrate into my own world. This work is ongoing.
 
I have a Postgraduate Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy. My formal training is in Integrative and Transpersonal Psychotherapy. I have trauma training and experience in supporting those who have suffered emotional, physical or sexual abuse in childhood.
 
 
 
 
MY APPROACH
 
I am clinically trained in multiple psychotherapeutic modalities which allow me to adjust to your needs and uniqueness. My approach is holistic; bringing the body, mind and soul in harmony to accomplish healing and growth.

 

Relationship will remains at the core of my work . It takes time to build trust and safety. Through this process a secure foundation can grow, which will allows the client confidence to tread unexplored paths. Here, unconscious patterns and self-limiting beliefs can move into the light so they can be witnessed and released.  This work can help cultivate an inner guidance and resources to carry within you to take out into your world and relationships.

 