HOME PAGE

Soraya Adams
Transformative Psychotherapy and Counselling for Adults.
Kent, West London and Online 


“The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are”.
Carl Jung



ABOUT ME

I understand how life can feel overwhelming as we move through difficult periods and life transitions. As a result, we may experience deep anxiety, fear and loss; amongst other difficult emotions.  I aim to walk alongside you throughout your process to help gently uncover what is concerning you as well as support awareness and growth. Through my own journey I’ve realised that pain and agony are often the very nutrients from which new shoots of potential can grow.  I believe therapy is a collaborative process of careful listening and supportive dialogue.  I provide a confidential, safe space and offer warmth and authenticity.

I have a Postgraduate Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy from the Centre for Counselling and Psychotherapy Education (CCPE) in London. My formal training is in Integrative and Transpersonal Psychotherapy. I have trauma training in supporting those who have suffered emotional, physical or sexual abuse in childhood.


MY APPROACH

I’m primarily a Transpersonal Psychotherapist, I work holistically to bring the body, mind and soul in harmony to accomplish healing and growth.  I am clinically trained in multiple psychotherapeutic modalities which allow me to adjust to meet your needs and uniqueness. I will work alongside you to cultivate an inner guidance and resources to carry with you throughout life. 
The therapeutic relationship remains at the core of my work and trust this takes time to build. Through this process a secure base can grow, which will allow you to tread unexplored paths. Here, unconscious patterns and self-limiting beliefs can move into the light so they can be witnessed and released. 



SOME OF THE ISSUES I HAVE HELPED MY CLIENTS WITH

Childhood Trauma 
Anxiety and social anxiety
Bereavement and loss
Co-dependency and relationship issues
Depression
Low self-esteem
Narcissism and narcissistic abuse
Post-traumatic stress
Corporate disillusionment and burnout
Midlife transition


